ADD: code of conduct to repo and update contributing guide with current workflow (#275)
stravalib/stravalib: changelog.md

# Change Log

## Unreleased

> * Add: add code of conduct to the repo and update contributing guide (@lwasser, #274) 
> * Fix: deprecated set-output command in actions build (@yihong0618, #272)

Author: ```suggestion
* Add: add code of conduct to the repo, update contributing guide + readme badges (@lwasser, #269, #274) 
* Fix: deprecated set-output command in actions build (@yihong0618, #272)
```
